1938: Added section for known installation error, Installation issue … (#1939)
Avaiga/taipy: INSTALLATION.md

```bash
pipenv run pytest
```

## Known Installation Issues

### On Mac OS M1 pro

> If you are getting error running `pipenv install --dev` run the below command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are getting an error running `pipenv install --dev`, please run the commands below:
```
